# Issues

Think you've found a bug or have a new feature to suggest? [Let us know!](https://github.com/ruhley/angular-color-picker/issues)

## Reporting a Bug
1. Update to the most recent master release if possible. We may have already
fixed your bug.

2. Search for similar issues. It's possible somebody has encountered
this bug already.

3. Provide JSFiddle or JSBin demo that specifically shows the problem. This
demo should be fully operational with the exception of the bug you want to
demonstrate. The more pared down, the better.

If it is not possible to produce a fiddle, please make sure you provide very
specific steps to reproduce the error. If we cannot reproduce it, we will
close the ticket.

The more information you provide, the easier it is for us to validate that
there is a bug and the faster we'll be able to take action.

## Requesting a Feature

1. Search Issues for similar feature requests. It's possible somebody has
already asked for this feature or provided a pull request that we're still
discussing.

2. Provide a clear and detailed explanation of the feature you want and why
it's important to add. Keep in mind that we want features that will be useful
to the majority of our users and not just a small subset.

3. If the feature is complex, consider writing some initial documentation for
it. If we do end up accepting the feature it will need to be documented and
this will also help us to understand it better ourselves.

4. Attempt a Pull Request. If you're at all able, start writing some code. We
always have more work to do than time to do it. If you can write some code
then that will speed the process along.

# Pull Requests

We love pull requests. Here's a quick guide:

1. Fork the repo.

2. Update files only in lib

3. Add a test for your change. Only refactoring and documentation changes
require no new tests. If you are adding functionality or fixing a bug, we need
a test!

3. Make the test pass.

5. Build the dist folder following RELEASE.md

4. Commit your changes. Please use an appropriate commit prefix.
If your pull request fixes an issue specify it in the commit message.

5. Push to your fork and submit a pull request. Please provide us with some
explanation of why you made the changes you made. For new features make sure to
explain a standard use case to us.
